well howdy there internet people its
bubble gown so tonight we're gonna talk
about exhausting all the options and
we're gonna talk about Virginia before
we get into it understand you can save
your breath I've heard it before I don't
own anymore therefore I'm not a member
of the club therefore my voice doesn't
matter
fine fair enough I just want to ask some
questions just want to ask some
questions why is all this happening well
because they want to take them okay
maybe on some level that's true okay
I'll give you that but why because there
is a growing trend in this country for
people to jump over all of the other
available options and go straight to one
that makes people really uncomfortable
go straight to the most extreme option
and we have seen this play out in
schools and in workplaces and that's
unnerving to people rightly so so what's
your response to jump straight to the
most extreme option it's kind of
reinforcing the very idea that brought
about this legislation to begin with
this may not play out the way you think
it may actually still resolve and make
them more likely to just hammer it
through because the reality is what
happens this coat goes all the way
through gets signed into law and then
there are years of legal challenges it's
in court for years and then eventually
maybe it gets defeated or maybe it gets
enforced in earnest but there's a lot of
other options along the way and you went
straight to the most extreme
because the reality of this is that it
could go loud I know most of the
organizers that I've seen have been
adamant about the fact that they want
this to be completely peaceful but they
can't control everybody they can't and
if it goes loud what happens you've
completely reinforced the very idea that
brought about the legislation it's still
resolved let's say it doesn't go loud
what happens in it doesn't go loud
nothing bad happens everybody just
stands up there and look sharp why are
you bringing them again with well so
they know they already know how do you
describe yourselves your owners right
they know you've got one you don't need
it all that does is increase the chances
of something going wrong and inflame the
situation straight to the most extreme
option probably not a good idea but
let's say everybody brings them
everybody shows up look sharp no
problems whatsoever then what happens it
turns into an applause fest for the
sheriff's who said that they were going
to turn those jurisdictions and make
them sanctuaries or deputize people or
whatever fair enough that's not damaging
is it is it what's the been been the big
fight for the last couple decades
getting ownership seen as an individual
right unconnected to government service
and you're going to applaud a bunch of
people who are going to protect you by
connecting it to government service that
probably isn't gonna help either you may
be undermining things because you didn't
think this out you went straight to the
most extreme option
maybe the best idea is to pull a fast
one and everybody just show up without
their stuff you don't need that to do a
show of force they're politicians they
care about getting reelected they see a
bunch of numbers and there would be more
people coming if you weren't bringing
your stuff they see a bunch of numbers
and they might change their tune they
might realize that they suffered from
negative voter turnout people who have
turned against Trump because of his well
jumping to the most extreme option all
the time
see how this is working I don't think
this was well thought out and I know as
far as those those sheriff's well those
are good guys
they would never you're right I actually
know a couple of them and you're right
they never would but as you just learned
in the State House and Senate other
people eventually get elected then what
you've tied ownership to this and they
can just take it away
the next person elect it can just take
it away it may be time to address a
cultural issue within your community
everybody always says it's just a tool
I'm the weapon that's saying originated
with people who fought who tried to
think ahead who tried to plan this
doesn't seem like it was well thought
out but again I don't know I'm not in
the club anymore so I guess it's just a
fall y'all have a good day